HOW TO START


1. Extract the files trvmc95pc.exe and trimfe3.exe into the same folder.
2. trvmc95pc.exe is the TRIM.SP program, trimfe3.exe is a windows frontend 
   to produce input files for TRIM, trvmc95.inp and trvmc95.out are the 
   TRIM input and output files, and trvmc95.text is a description of the 
   structure of input and output files. 


HOW TO CREATE AN INPUT FILE AND START CALCULATION

1. USING AN EDITOR

   Take the example input file to start from and replace the input 
   variables following the instructions in trvmc95.text. Save the file as 
   trvmc95.inp. Start TRIM from a DOS shell by simply typing "trvmc95pc". 
   TRIM will produce the output file named trvmc95.out.

2. USING trimfe3.exe

   trimfe3.exe is a frontend to produce input files more conveniently, save 
   them under different names, reload input files, save output files under 
   custom names both, as *.out files and as *.dat. The latter format is 
   intended for use with e.g. ORIGIN to view the most frequently used depth 
   distributions.

   trimfe3.exe, however, only allows to specify one target layer as opposed 
   to up to three target layers, that TRIM can deal with.

   trimfe3.exe should be rather self-explanatory. To set the input
   parameters click the button "parameters". The abbreviations used are 
   those described in trvmc95.text. 
   Use "save input file" to give the input file a custom name. The file 
   trvmc95.inp will be overwritten with each time you click "Start Trim 
   calculation". 
   To start TRIM.SP click "Start Trim calculation". After the calculation 
   is finished several depth distributions are plotted. The output file can 
   be saved either as text file (*.out) or as table (*.dat) by using the 
   two save buttons left of the parameter button. The *.dat file only saves 
   a selection of depth distributions!
   You can also perform several TRIM runs with a series of input files by 
   saving all the input files first and then running trimfe3.exe in batch 
   mode.  

IF YOU ENCOUNTER PROBLEMS OR HAVE QUESTIONS PLEASE DON’T HESITATE TO ASK.


